Who's Hiring? - March 2023
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/11fijrn/whos_hiring_march_2023/
The Smallest Go Binary (5KB)
https://totallygamerjet.hashnode.dev/the-smallest-go-binary-5kb
How and where to start building web api backend?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128vfrn/how_and_where_to_start_building_web_api_backend/
GoLang Goes Retro: Compiler Now Supports Morse Code | TechCrunch
https://tsrn.ch/tAa6Gfj
GitHub - agis/spawn: Spawn your Go binary from its TestMain, for end-to-end tests
https://github.com/agis/spawn
Why is it invalid to take the address of a string's byte?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128j3vk/why_is_it_invalid_to_take_the_address_of_a/
New language suggestion to old time Gopher
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128ymjz/new_language_suggestion_to_old_time_gopher/
Code review first go project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128k7ov/code_review_first_go_project/
LYRA
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/129192y/lyra/
Remote origin already exists error on go build
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/12915f7/remote_origin_already_exists_error_on_go_build/
Am I being pedantic about these things?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1286wki/am_i_being_pedantic_about_these_things/
How to embed an interface into a struct?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128z7lx/how_to_embed_an_interface_into_a_struct/
Can you review my project ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128p25n/can_you_review_my_project/
getting your repo's date and commit hash to use as version
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128xdr8/getting_your_repos_date_and_commit_hash_to_use_as/
Help structure project
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128udx0/help_structure_project/
Looking for a gRPC tutorial
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128r68b/looking_for_a_grpc_tutorial/
Preventing breaking changes to your database with Atlas
https://atlasgo.io/blog/2023/03/31/preventing-breaking-changes
Gocrest v1.1.0 released
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128n246/gocrest_v110_released/
I made a SQL to array/map/struct and CRUD ORM library
https://github.com/elgs/gosqlcrud
With the Hexagonal Architecture / Ports &amp; Adapters pattern, how do you prevent callers of your driving interfaces from calling your driven interfaces directly instead?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128sr5q/with_the_hexagonal_architecture_ports_adapters/
strconv.Atoi is causing my test to fail and I can't figure out why
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128jg5t/strconvatoi_is_causing_my_test_to_fail_and_i_cant/
Reading and writting to/from struct concurrently. Problem?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/128ize0/reading_and_writting_tofrom_struct_concurrently/
Do we have any vscode plugin to convert json to struct in Go?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/127t7yp/do_we_have_any_vscode_plugin_to_convert_json_to/
What are some best resources to learn Golang Production Deployment?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/127i12y/what_are_some_best_resources_to_learn_golang/
Text articles vs Video tutorials
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/127ioyg/text_articles_vs_video_tutorials/
Any example of project with gofiber using both CSRF protection and JWT ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/127tdvy/any_example_of_project_with_gofiber_using_both/
